Deep learning:
Artifical neural network 

from sklearn.preprocessing import onehotencoder
import pandas as pd
data = {'category':['cat', 'dog', 'cat', 'bird', 'dog']}
df = pd.dataframe(data)
encoder = Onehotencoder(sparse_output=False, handle_unknown='ignore')
encoded_data = encoder.fit_transform(df[['category']])

If the accuracy ka rate is not correct it performs re-calculations till the time it adjusts it value. We can give until 250 times to try or loop to find out the value.

every edges and grid are checked in hidden layers
Identify edges, 

Activation function is Mostly non-linear aspect! it mainly depends on the INPUT DATASET, in this function different level of calculated methods are used.
Mostly we use 2-3 but we have 5-6 activation functions.
Is activation function non-linear?

Different Activation function is a linear function that tries to understand the relationship between the each and every variable.

Links carry signals from one node to another, boosting or damping them according to each link's 'weight'.

Classification and NLP is part of deep learning method

To analyse the text data to make easy understanding of the TEXT DATA.
CHAT BOTS are developed based on NLP
Google translator, Voice Search based on NLP techniques.
Some are based on Machine learning, some are based on deep learning and some are based on both of them.

ML to train the model and deep learning to enhance the result/output.

IN NLP we have many approaches, one is ML, other is deep learning, 
also rule based, statistical based approach.

In Rule base approach, a structure is involved.
In statistical based approach, a statistical model is involved.
ReLU most easiest activation function used by any of the researcher. Here, if the input is different from the output then it is represented as zero.

Training deep learning models:
1.Forward propagation:
2.Loss Function: It occurs as a measurement of error.
3.Backward propagation: It returns back to adjust its values to give the actual output with more accuracy. Until it reaches its accuracy it is there will be a loss function.

FNN means simple neural network or artificial neural network:
feedforward neural networks works as a forward propagation manner.
one type of artificial neural network which is generated artificially on the basis different calculations and functions that we create a out MODEL. why it is "forward" because it is 

APPLICATIONS OF CNN:
--------------------
1.Moving object detection, facial recognition, find the people without helmet in traffic etc using CNN and RNN
Sigmoid and Tanh functions are used.

2.In medical field, used to check pneumonia, brain tumor 

3.crop prediction, if there is any decease or not? 

4.input text generated output images

Scripting part with comments are missing in most of the code files:
about the dataset needs to be explained
mention the elements

PYCHARM:
https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/?section=windows

CNN is a grid based system:
optimizer, loss function, activation function

1.install tensorflow, numpy and matplotlib
2. recall all the datapoints
3. tensorflow,keraas dataflow, layers, datasets for our analysis purpose
4. layers function, models training
5. import dataset as train and test. Train images and labels
6. test images and test lables from CIFAR10 DATASET

TENSORFLOW is a machine learning framework, machine learning models and deep learning models
KERAS api 

what is scrapping a dataset ?



RNN is short term memory storage

LSTM algorithm

long short term memory
it works on the gate system, also known as gates recurring system
forget gate: cleans memory for the new dataset, 







